1.32 alert history & service account labels release notes (#660)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: src/pages/changelog/Console-1.32.0.md

- [Scale](#scale)
  - [Alert history](#alert-history)
  - [Service account labels](#service-account-labels)
- [Quality of life improvements](#quality-of-life-improvements)
- [Fixes](#fixes)

### Scale

#### Alert history

> The alert details page now displays information about the history of alerts' healthy/firing status, and warnings about failed notification delivery.

Author: > the history of failed, firing or healthy notifications

firing/healthy is the status, which triggers a notification which could fail. I think grouping them like this could be confusing

How about this?

```suggestion
In the alert details page you now can also see the history of an alert's status, and notifications which may have failed to send. Find out [more about alerts](/platform/navigation/settings/alerts).
```
